Unify guide references on 3.3 (#1712)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/upgrading_overview.adoc

Upgrading {SmartProxy} takes approximately 10{range}30 minutes.

* Ensure that you have sufficient storage space on your server.

> For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}Preparing_your_Environment_for_Installation_{project-context}[Preparing your Environment for Installation] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_ and {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}preparing-environment-for-capsule-installation[Preparing your Environment for Installation] in _Installing {SmartProxyServer}_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}Preparing_your_Environment_for_Installation_{project-context}[Preparing your Environment for Installation] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_ and {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}preparing-environment-for-capsule-installation[Preparing your Environment for Installation] in _{InstallingSmartProxyDocTitle}_.
```
